docs: Implement style guide rules - active voice, misc (#23272)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/concepts/object-ownership/wrapped.mdx

keywords: [ wrapped objects, wrapping objects, unwrapping objects, direct wrapping, wrap directly, wrap object directly, wrap object option, option wrap, vector wrap, wrap object vector ]
---

> You can organize data structures in Move by nesting structs. This example shows a basic wrapper pattern:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can nest structs to organize data structures in Move. This example shows a basic wrapper pattern:
```
